merge Busola's defaultConfig with ConfigMap (#1034)
kyma-project/busola: docs/features.md

- **JWT_CHECK_CONFIG** – is used to configure data necessary for the backend authentication, such as an issuer and JWKS (JSON Web Key Set) address. When the feature is disabled no authentication occurs on backend side.

>   Backend feature. Cannot be modified at the cluster's ConfigMap level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Backend feature. Cannot be modified at the cluster's Config Map level.
```

- **GZIP** – is used to indicate whether the response from the backend server should be compressed or not.

>   Backend feature. Cannot be modified at the cluster's ConfigMap level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Backend feature. Cannot be modified at the cluster's Config Map level.
```
